explain to me how you have a career and
making everybody else dreams and love
come true but in your own life while
Mary was planning everyone else's love
life she didn't have one of her own Mary
you haven't been on a date in two years
you can't avoid love forever you know
those who can't do teach those who can't
Wed plan so fate stepped in okay you
saved my life
you're the guy I'm the supervising
pediatrician here Mary
we're gonna go to Golden Gate Park they
show old movies and you should come with
us we won't take no for an answer
this is by far the coolest thing I've
ever done in this city wanna dance now
for the first time her love life and her
work life were a match made in heaven
Mary my parents and mother as previously
discussed in detail you won't be singing
at the wedding
all right you give my little girl
whatever she wants no expense spared you
can finally meet my fiance Eddie come
here Eddie this is Mary the wedding
planner you can't sacrifice your entire
career over this we danced and it was
nice but nothing to happen I can do this
plan this wedding
what you have is cold feet and I can
treat that that doctor like any other
faceless groom I am no letter planning a
wedding and that's just what I'm gonna
do because I love a challenge
this is why I love him he gives me
humanity
mom would you please shut up hi
Columbia Pictures presents I'm sorry I
wonder is that it gonna be the last
person I never sleep with a story about
finding wrong at the wrong time what if
I I think is great really is great for
the right reasons but it's not as great
as something greater your wedding
planner too Bob
Mary yeah did you ever like somebody
with the timings off
I'm in love with your daughter I like
him
Jennifer Lopez the everything about that
night apart Matthew McConaughey I do
heart I'm the wedding planner
[Music]